so Paul last night's briefing for the
stage was interesting on her
yeah basically the weather storm came in
last night fashion wind and rain who had
about 24 hours rain so you literally
just let let up really and what work
Creek to turn into rivers and basically
according to the guys here local they've
never seen in this bad so on and so
forth so basically a briefing I go the
event organizer said who wants to go now
and worked out from about 50 50 really
for the you know he would actually want
to go and he didn't but basically in the
end cited it would run and it would
start and we started first in a venture
interview did you go out then you opted
to go up yeah we went down to the start
line to have a look assess it and we
thought we'd try it out basically a lot
of the guys went down to style and we
start at ten a lot of the guys went down
start line just to get a start basically
cross the line and went back again but
yeah we stuck with it we got out there
little bit sketchy in places falling off
the track was quite
carrots to make it through the road book
we finished the nut now we can avoid she
finished night we got halfway through
the road book is a 20k raid book with
10k in and we'll get on the the big
which climb of the night it's a multiple
which runs basically and halfway out
front motor on the which just packed up
David so we've kind of stuck there
hanging from the wintry and what do you
do then how do you get out there's a
good question and had us obviously
scratched our heads for a bit but
luckily some French guys had upon us
this big word of English my French is
pretty poor and they like to help us and
managed to win some slightly so you can
get take some slack in on the front
winch and basically get which rope off
the tree but having done that about 100
meters further on they basically there
it thought I needed not have you and
they were just as stuck as we were so we
stopped see a functioning you know nice
upset functioning car so we then strung
up on the back winch and swum the car
around basically pedaling it on the back
which so off on the hill on the hill so
we basted like the three-pointer hanging
that shot from the back and then
proceeded up the hill in reverse and did
he go on to finish the rest of the road
but no you said you didn't finish so
what do you make the way back how did
you find your way back well we we we'd
already actually find you organized one
point of it like we weren't going
anywhere especially the other the other
French guys there as well and it was
kind of other cars broke on the same
pill as well and we have managed to keep
going so we basically got out to the
next chain point
on three windchill oh and then we spend
the main organizers who actually is kind
of sort of mounting up like a party to
go in to get us all out effectively so
we meant then there and we then
obviously made our way back off the
forest through some of the more major
tracks now one interesting thing is
obviously this you got all your your
lovely new wilderness slides on the car
that make a big difference at night in
the Croatian forest yeah I mean
basically last night visibility was
pretty corny was Lasher a train a lot of
sprang up from the tires mind all that
sort stuff and like hanging from a winch
right that's a half two in the morning
without light we have see what you do
it's pretty dangerous we can them
actually done it without his eyes
believe as we did and been able to do
what we did was only because we can see
what we did so I'm worth having man this
case yeah definitely worth having
excellent now the car is all fixed
rebuilt the front winch motor yeah this
morning me do most rounds we stripped
down found that basically one of the
brushes hood frankly try to world itself
to the back of the motor so we've taken
that out we had a smear brush packs we
put that back in and we've given it a
quick test that's easy okay and today is
circuit race time are you going off the
circuit right now what we've done is
related to dating to try and collect
some parts bits and other stuff we need
I mean the general overview of the
moment of where we stand and moments
basically we've gone Sam a bit down and
power we seem to persuade some water or
mud or something the engines we're
seeing with very down and power we've
also seem to have lost fifth year as
well which kind of happens up some of
the clients are the longer the faster
sections and we see the shredded fan
belts
and alternator belt some quite a regular
basis so today we're elected to go and
try and scam us apart get back up and
running so there were hundreds my Robo
go back down to the forests more back
out to the forest tomorrow and we'll see
how that goes next time well good luck
with all the rain we've got conditions
have got so bad that even beta day tasks
again becoming very difficult we found
the ideal test for our new winch when I
got the support truck discoveries stuck
actually inside the campsite here you
can see all winching me to safety using
the newly repaired winch the quantity of
rain we've had is making absolutely
everything nearly impossible now
you